add the kind in a resource YAML example for the SSO client redirect docs (#45568)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/access-controls/sso.mdx

> the callback will need to be allowed  via`spec.client_redirect_settings`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the callback will need to be allowed via your auth connector's `client_redirect_settings`:
```
